use env/static/public for siteConfigs (#99)
sw-yx/swyxkit: README.md

Feel free to rip out these opinions as you see fit of course.

> [![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/sw-yx/swyxkit#PUBLIC_SITE_URL=https://swyxkit.netlify.app&PUBLIC_APPROVED_POSTERS_GH_USERNAME=sw-yx&PUBLIC_GH_USER_REPO=sw-yx/swyxkit&PUBLIC_SITE_TITLE=SwyxKit&PUBLIC_SITE_DESCRIPTION=SvelteKit+Tailwind+starter&PUBLIC_DEFAULT_OG_IMAGE=https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6764957/147861359-3ad9438f-41d1-47c8-aa05-95c7d18497f0.png&PUBLIC_MY_TWITTER_HANDLE=swyx&PUBLIC_MY_YOUTUBE=https://youtube.com/swyxTV&PUBLIC_POST_CATEGORIES=Blog&GH_TOKEN=)

Reviewer: great idea

```bash
npx degit https://github.com/sw-yx/swyxkit

> cp .env.example .env

Reviewer: FANTASTIC. i love how you did this

npm install
npm run start
```

### Update the values in .env file
```
PUBLIC_SITE_URL=https://swyxkit.netlify.app
PUBLIC_APPROVED_POSTERS_GH_USERNAME=sw-yx // (comma separated github usernames allowed to create post in the blog)
PUBLIC_GH_USER_REPO=sw-yx/swyxkit
PUBLIC_SITE_TITLE=SwyxKit
PUBLIC_SITE_DESCRIPTION=swyxs default SvelteKit + Tailwind starter
PUBLIC_DEFAULT_OG_IMAGE=https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6764957/147861359-3ad9438f-41d1-47c8-aa05-95c7d18497f0.png
PUBLIC_MY_TWITTER_HANDLE=swyx
PUBLIC_MY_YOUTUBE=https://youtube.com/swyxTV
PUBLIC_POST_CATEGORIES=Blog // (comma separated Tags to allow post filtering)
GH_TOKEN=
```

> If you do not want to add GH_TOKEN just leave it empty in environment varioable but do not remove it.
> GH_TOKEN if supplied, raises rate limit from 60 to 5000
> https://docs.github.com/en/rest/overview/resources-in-the-rest-api#rate-limiting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `GH_TOKEN` is supplied, it [raises GitHub issue request rate limit from 60 to 5000](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/overview/resources-in-the-rest-api#rate-limiting).
If you do not want to add `GH_TOKEN`, just leave it empty.
```
